docs(replay): Bring replay nav item to all apple platforms (#14710)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/apple/common/session-replay/troubleshooting.mdx

---
title: Troubleshooting
sidebar_order: 5503
description: "Troubleshoot and resolve common issues with the iOS Session Replay."
notSupported:
  - apple.macos
  - apple.watchos
  - apple.tvos
  - apple.visionos
---

<Expandable title="Why are parts of my replay not masked?" permalink>

> Text views, input views, images, video players and webviews are all masked by default. Images with bundled assets aren't masked because the likelihood of these assets containing PII is low. If you encounter a view that should be masked by default, consider opening a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text views, input views, images, video players, and webviews are all masked by default. Images with bundled assets aren't masked because the likelihood of these assets containing PII is low. If you encounter a view that should be masked by default, consider opening a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/issues).
```

</Expandable>

<Expandable title="What's the lowest version of iOS supported?" permalink>

> Session Replay recording happens even on the lowest version supported by the Sentry SDK, which is aligend with appstore support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Session Replay recording happens even on the lowest version supported by the Sentry SDK, which is aligned with app store support.
```
